If any user who is local to any device presses the button on the device, then the device will call the cloud API 'callAPI:setKey' with random string secret (event).
When the cloud records any device's information that there is no tickets, and the device call the cloud API 'callAPI:setKey' with any key, the cloud will update the device's information with the key and add a ticket which records the key and the current time (there is a set containing all the tickets) .
When the cloud records any device's information that the device has an old key, and the device calls the cloud API 'callAPI:setKey' with any new key, the cloud will update the device's information with the new key and generate a ticket which records the key and the current time.
If any user who is local to any device calls the cloud API 'callAPI:getKey' with the device as an argument, and the cloud has a ticket showing that this device has some key, and the current time is less than the time in ticket + 1, then the cloud will trigger a event that transfer the key to the user.
When any device has no owner, the user calls 'callAPI:bind' to cloudA, and pass the device and the key to cloudA. If the binding key matches the ticket in the cloud, then the cloudA will update the owner from nils to a set containing the user (bind success).
When any device already has an owner, any user calls 'callAPI:bind' to cloudA, and passes the device and the key to cloudA. If the binding key matches the ticket in the cloud, and the cloudA records any user's information that its uid (of type Qid), then the cloudA will transfer the owner's uid to the user.
When any device already has an owner, any user who is local to the device can call 'callAPI:join' to cloudA, and pass the owner id and the key to cloudA. If the key matches the ticket in cloudA, and the uid matches the owner's that recorded in cloudA, then the cloudA will add the user as another owner.
The ticket in cloudA will be removed when the current time is bigger than the time recorded in ticket + 2.

Initially, the userA is local to the deviceB, knows nothing, and his uid is 'userAid'; the userC is local to the deviceD, knows nothing, and his uid is 'userCid'; the cloud records deviceB's information where owner is nils, and no tickets.


At each time point, only one operation can happen, either victim's or attacker's. 
The victim user will always take bind operations in the order until reset (not a must). 
If reset indeed happens, the victim will restart the binding process.
In the meantime, the attacker can perform any operations between or after the victim.
Only when the victim is alerted by the cloud can the victim take a reset operation at the next time point.

