When any device has any key, and the owner user calls device API 'callAPI:toggle' with the same key as an argument, then the device will be on.
When cloudA records any user information, and the user calls cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with any invited user as an argument, the cloud will add the invited user to members.
When cloudA records any user has any member user, and the user call cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with the member user as an argument, the cloud will remove the member user from members.
When cloudA records any user has any device that has any key, and the user calls cloudA API 'callAPI:getKey' with the device, then cloudA will trigger events that send the device's key to the user.
When cloudA records any user has any device which is off, and the user calls cloudA API 'callAPI:toggle', the device will be on.
When cloudA records any user has any device which is off and the user has any member user, and the member user calls cloudA API 'callAPI:toggle', the device will be on.
When the cloudA sends any user any keys, the user will add the key to his knowledge.

when any user knows any key, he can call device API 'callAPI:toggle' with the key to any device.
In any condition, any user can call cloud API 'callAPI:toggle' to cloudA.
In any condition, any user can call cloud API 'callAPI:getKey' to cloudA.
The userA can call cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with userC.
The userC can call cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with userA.
If any user has some members, any user can call cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with the member user.

Initially, the userA and userC know nothing; the cloudA records userA's information where its members are empty and its device is deviceB, and records deviceB's information where its key is 'secretOfB'; the deviceB is off, has a key 'secretOfB.

The userA will always take operations in the order (press button, call device's API 'callAPI:setKey', and call cloud's 'callAPI:bind') until reset. 
If the userA is the owner of deviceB, userA will not take any operations in the next time point.
If in the next point, userA reset the deviceB, the userA calls 'callAPI:bind' and is not the owner of deviceB.
If reset happens, the userA will eventually press the button of deviceB.
In the meantime, the userC can perform any operations between or after the userA.
Eventually, there is a time point when userC is not local to deviceB and is not the owner of deviceB, and the next time userC is not local and the owner of deviceB.
